In this lecture, we're going to take a quick look at testing reports.
So the test g report is a good way to see a summary of how our tests functioned.
So if we look at the left hand side here, we currently have a source and target folder.
What we need to do is right click our project and click the refresh button.
On doing so.
We now have a test output folder.
If we expand this, you'll find a file called index that hates HTML.
If I right click it and click properties, you'll see a location path.
So I'm going to highlight this location path and copy it using control we see on my keyboard and then
going to open up Chrome and I'm going to pass that directory and then click Enter.
So these are test energy reports.
And if we look at the left hand side, we can see that two tests have run.
And if we look at the results section, we can see two methods run and two of them passed.
And if we click on this past method show button, you'll see the add remove item, which is the method
name of the add remove item test and end to end test, which is the method of the other test.
So this is a really good way of just seeing what tests have run.
And when I click on the information and the test link, you'll see test and test two.
So these are the names of the tests I have given in the test injection file.
So this is really a good way to see a quick summary and you can see some useful information here, especially
if you had a number of tests that run as part of your framework.
Later on in this course I'll show you extent.
Reports say extend reports are more advance weight of reports in so you can see more detail and you
can also add things like screenshots.
So I hope you found this lecture useful.
And thank you for watching.